[Service Bus] Bug Fix: userProperties aren't populated while using createRule() from ATOM API (#9794)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-js: sdk/servicebus/service-bus/CHANGELOG.md

      [PR 9434](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9434)
  - The property `top` in the options passed to any of the methods that get information for multiple entities like `getQueues` or `getQueuesRuntimeInfo` is renamed to `maxCount`.
    [PR 9664](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9664)
  - The "update" methods (`updateQueue`, `updateTopic` and `updateSubscription`) now require all properties on the given queue/topic/subscription object to be set even though only a subset of them are actually updatable. Therefore, the suggested flow is to use the "get" methods to get the queue/topic/subscription object, update as needed and then pass it to the "update" methods. [PR 9751](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9751).

  See [update queue](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/servicebus/update-queue) and [update-topic](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/servicebus/update-queue) for list of updatable properties.

>   - Bug - Cannot set `userProperties` under `CorrelationFilter` while using the `createRule()` method.
>     Fixed in [PR 9794](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9794)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fixed the bug where one cannot set `userProperties` in a correlation filter while using the `createRule()` method. [PR 9794](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-js/pull/9794)
```
